The reason why men are not stepping up
is because so many women are allowing
it. So many women staying with men,
giving them the bare minimum,
mistreating them, abusing them. So many
men are being so feminine because so
many women accept it. That's why it's so
so important that we as women understand
our responsibility in this dynamic. It's
our responsibility to make men wake up
by showing them, hey, if you treat me
that way, I am gone. Not through words,
through actions. You remove yourself
from any situation, from any man. You
withdraw your energy and attention. As
soon as you notice this doesn't serve
you anything. Okay. Now once you
understand that it's actually your
responsibility and you will start to
change that's also when the man starts
to change. You're welcome.